---
title: DYSLEXIA
publishDate: 2024-01 00:00:00
img: /assets/dys.jpg
img_alt: dyslexia image
description: |
  We developed an website extension to help people with dyslexia condition.
tags:
  - Javascritp
  - Css
  - HTML
  - Responsive
---

Driven by a desire to bridge the digital divide, our team embarked on a project to develop a website extension specifically designed for individuals with dyslexia. Recognizing the challenges they face in navigating the web, we focused on crafting features that empower a more inclusive online experience.

We meticulously integrated features that cater to dyslexic users' needs, such as customizable text formatting options, text-to-speech functionality, and dyslexia-friendly fonts.  These enhancements aimed to optimize readability and information processing, creating a smoother and more enjoyable online environment.

This collaborative project served as a catalyst for our growth.  Delving into accessibility considerations in web development broadened our technical skillset and fostered a deeper understanding of the diverse needs of web users.  Furthermore, honing our front-end development skills equipped us to translate accessibility best practices into tangible solutions.

Beyond the technical advancements, this project instilled a strong sense of social responsibility within our team. We emerged with a profound appreciation for the transformative power of inclusive design, and the importance of creating a web experience that caters to everyone.

